OSDOCS-8970 Adding max storage value to must-gather (#70703)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/must-gather-storage-limit.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * support/gathering-cluster-data.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="must-gather-storage-limit_{context}"]
= Changing the must-gather storage limit

> When using the `oc adm must-gather` command to collect data the default maximum storage for the information is 30% of the storage capacity of the container. Once that limit is reached the container is killed and the gathering process stops. You will need either a container with more storage capacity or to adjust the maximum volume percentage before running the must-gather command again. Information already gathered will be lost.

Reviewer: > Information already gathered will be lost.

Actually, we only stop `gather` container to prevent the size getting bigger more. On the other hand, `copy` container will stay alive which means that gathered data will not be lost and downloaded to user. Just since, gather process is no longer working, this gathered data is partial.

Author: Thank you! I'll change it.

Author: @ardaguclu How does it sound now?

Reviewer: Sounds good to me. Thanks @cbippley

> When using the `oc adm must-gather` command to collect data the default maximum storage for the information is 30% of the storage capacity of the container. Once the 30% limit is reached the container is killed and the gathering process stops. Information already gathered will be downloaded to your local storage. You will need either a container with more storage capacity or to adjust the maximum volume percentage before running the must-gather command again.

Reviewer 2: * ISG says to use "After" instead of "Once"
* I don't think "killed" is a great term to use, even if it's technically accurate. ISG says to avoid when possible. I'd see if you can replace this with something else if it maintains the same meaning
* For the last sentence, should we add something to be more explicit about why they'd want to fix the storage and re-run it?

```suggestion
When using the `oc adm must-gather` command to collect data, the default maximum storage for the information is 30% of the storage capacity of the container. After the 30% limit is reached, the container is terminated and the gathering process stops. Information already gathered is downloaded to your local storage. To generate a complete must-gather archive, you must either use a container with more storage capacity or to adjust the maximum volume percentage before running the must-gather command again.
```

> If you reach the storage limit you will see a message output informing you what happened.

Reviewer 2: I'd get rid of the "For example" line below and try to incorporate it into this line, just to make it more concise

```suggestion
If you reach the storage limit, you will see a message output similar to the following example:
```

I added a suggestion from the top of my head, but there are probably better examples elsewhere in the repo

For example:

[source,terminal]
----

> Disk usage exceeds the volume percentage of %d for mounted directory. Exiting...

Reviewer 2: If this is an example of what a user might see, shouldn't "%d" be an actual value? like "30"?

----

.Prerequisites

ifndef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]
ifdef::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

> * You have access to the cluster as a user with the `dedicated-admin` role.

Reviewer 2: I don't see this assembly used in the OSD or ROSA topic maps (it's commented out both places). So I can't check this ifdef - so maybe we should just leave it out?

endif::openshift-rosa,openshift-dedicated[]

> * The {product-title} CLI (`oc`) is installed.

Reviewer 2: We just call it the "OpenShift CLI"

```suggestion
* The OpenShift CLI (`oc`) is installed.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I'd add a `+` on this line so that the below note is indented with this item

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you installed an earlier version of the `oc` binary, you cannot use it to run this command. You must download and install the 4.15 or later version of the `oc` binary.

Reviewer 2: I'm waffling on whether this note is truly necessary or not. I know that people can sometimes use old oc's, but they can't assume that the old oc's will work with all new features. We don't necessarily call out in the docs each time we add something new to the CLI that they need to use the new CLI for. These docs are only being added to 4.15, so I think that should be sufficient. 

IMO I don't think it's necessary, but if you feel strongly you need to keep it, then that's fine.

Author: I took it out. I don't feel strongly enough to keep it in.

====

.Procedure

> . Run the `oc adm must-gather` command with the`volume-percentage` flag. The new value cannot exceed 100.

Reviewer 2: Should be an unnumbered bullet when it's only one command.

```suggestion
* Run the `oc adm must-gather` command with the `volume-percentage` flag. The new value cannot exceed 100.
```

> For example:

Reviewer 2: I don't think this line is necessary. I'd remove it and put a `+` on the line here so that the code block comes right after the above intro

[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc adm must-gather --volume-percentage <%d>

Reviewer 2: I would show this how we normally show our replaceable values

```suggestion
$ oc adm must-gather --volume-percentage <storage_percentage>
```
